README.md, before:

# linguacode-translations

## Description
This repository contains translation files for LinguaCode. The main reason that I've separated from the [LinguaCode's Core](https://github.com/LinguaCode/core) is that in this way it will be much more easy to make a translations.
If you've any kind of suggestions, that can help with the translations (like some corrections), you can open issue [here](https://github.com/LinguaCode/linguacode-translations/issues).

## Contribution
#### if you know how to make a contribution in GitHub.
1. `git clone git@github.com:LinguaCode/linguacode-translations.git`
2. add new language file in *ISO 639-1* standard, like for japanese it would be **jp.js**.
3. create a pull request to merge *master* branch.

#### if you don't know how to do that
1. Read what is [**ISO 639-1**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639-1_codes) standard.
2. open **src** folder.
3. download **en.js** file.
4. translate all lines with the **definition** property (ie look at other translations).
5. rename language file in *ISO 639-1* standard, like for italian it would be **it.js**.
6. send that file to ![email address](./email_.png?v=1) email address.


##License
linguacode-constants is [licensed under MIT](https://github.com/linguacode/linguacode-constants/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

new 53 languages; json2tree; improved everything; authomatizated languageList.js file generator

README.md, after:

# linguacode-translations

## Description
This repository contains translation files for LinguaCode. The main reason that I've separated from the [LinguaCode's Core](https://github.com/LinguaCode/core) is that in this way it will be much more easy to make a translations.
If you've any kind of suggestions, that can help with the translations (like some corrections), you can open issue [here](https://github.com/LinguaCode/linguacode-translations/issues).

## Contribution
#### if you know how to make a contribution in GitHub.
1. `git clone git@github.com:LinguaCode/linguacode-translations.git`
2. add new language file in *ISO 639-1* standard, like for japanese it would be **jp.js**.
3. create a pull request to merge *master* branch.

#### if you don't know how to do that
1. Read what is [**ISO 639-1**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639-1_codes) standard.
2. open **src** folder.
3. download **en.js** file.
4. translate all lines with the **definition** property (ie look at other translations).
5. rename language file in *ISO 639-1* standard, like for italian it would be **it.js**.
6. send that file to ![email address](./email_.png?v=1) email address.

#### to developers
Until we haven't automatized every peace of $hit, to convert translations into a usable data:
1. Download the whole archive of the last build translation from the [Crowdin's LinguaCode page](https://translate.linguacode.me/project/linguacode/).
2. Extract the content into a **tools/json2tree/input/** folder.
3. Run `npm run json2tree'.
4. Move all content from **tools/json2tree/output/** into a **languages/**.
5. Create a pull request.

##License
linguacode-constants is [licensed under MIT](https://github.com/linguacode/linguacode-constants/blob/master/LICENSE).
